added m2a docs (#139)
stjudecloud/docs: docs/guides/genomics-platform/analyzing-data/methylation-to-activity.md

### Input file configuration

#### Promoter region definition file (if user defined):

|Column      | Description                                   |
|------------|-----------------------------------------------|
|EnsmblID_T  | Ensemble transcript ID (unique)               |
|EnsmblID_G  | Ensemble gene ID (not unique)                 |      
|Gene        | human readable gene name (abbrev, not unique) |
|Strand      | +, -                                          |
|Chr         | chr1, chr2, ... chr22, etc.                   |
|Start       | Beginning of transcript definition            | 
|End         | End of transcript definition                  |
|RStart      | TSS - 1000bp                                  |
|REnd        | TSS + 1000bp                                  |

#### WGBS data file:

|Column      | Description                                                            |
|------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------|
|chrom       | chromosome ID, e.g. 1,2,3 ...22                                        |
|pos         | position of 5' cytosine of a CpG on the positive strand                |      

> |mval        | caluclated mvalue of a given CpG, typically M-value=log2(Beta/1-Beta)  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|mval        | calculated M-value of a given CpG, typically M-value=log2(Beta/1-Beta)  |
```

## Outputs

| Name | Description |
|--|--|
| Predictions file | The promoter region definition file with an additional Predicted_log2_ChipDivInput_"YOUR HM MARK HERE" column (tab-delimited). |
| Transfer model |  The updated weights to the HM model (a .hdf5 file; *only* if using M2A with Transfer)|

## Preparing to run M2A

Before you can run one of our workflows, you must first create a workspace in DNAnexus for the run. Refer to [the general workflow guide](running-sj-workflows.md#getting-started) to learn how to create a DNAnexus workspace for each workflow run.

Refer to [the general workflow guide](running-sj-workflows.md#uploading-files) to learn how to upload input files to the workspace you just created.

Refer to [the general workflow guide](running-sj-workflows.md#running-the-workflow) to learn how to launch the workflow, hook up input files, adjust parameters, start a run, and monitor run progress.

## Analysis of Results

> Today, the M2A pipeline does not produce an interactive visualization. If M2A with Transfer was run, the easiest measurment of training prediction accuracy would be caluclating the Pearson's R<sup>2</sup>, or root mean square error (RMSE) between the measured and M2A predicted values. Furthermore, comparisons of sample-sample consistency with the same/similar cancer-type (as determiend by Pearson's R<sup>2</sup>) is a good start for a contextual understanding of the predictions produced by M2A.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Today, the M2A pipeline does not produce an interactive visualization. If M2A with Transfer was run, the easiest measurement of training prediction accuracy would be calculating the Pearson's R<sup>2</sup>, or root mean square error (RMSE) between the measured and M2A predicted values. Furthermore, comparisons of sample-sample consistency with the same/similar cancer-type (as determined by Pearson's R<sup>2</sup>) is a good start for a contextual understanding of the predictions produced by M2A.
```
